custom_screens.rpy
custom_screens.rpyc
gui.rpy
gui.rpyc
options.rpy
options.rpyc
screens.rpy
screens.rpyc
.vscode\settings.json
audio\Not A Hero - The Accident (Intense Panic).mp3
audio\Not A Hero - Theme (slowed down).mp3
audio\Not_A_Hero_general_loop.mp3
audio\achievement.mp3
audio\awardmusic.mp3
audio\buttonsound.mp3
audio\cafechatter.mp3
audio\chaching.mp3
audio\chasemusic.mp3
audio\coffeeshop.mp3
audio\crowdcheer.mp3
audio\drinkpour.mp3
audio\gasp.mp3
audio\hover.mp3
audio\parkmusic.mp3
audio\phoneringing.mp3
audio\policesiren.mp3
audio\runconcrete.mp3
audio\shiftybackground.mp3
audio\shopdoorbell.mp3
audio\tackle.mp3
audio\womenscream.mp3
cache\bytecode.rpyb
cache\py3analysis.rpyb
cache\pyanalysis.rpyb
cache\screens.rpyb
cache\shaders.txt
fonts\BryndanWriteBook-nGPM.ttf
gui\frame.png
gui\game_menu.png
gui\main_menu.png
gui\namebox.png
gui\notify.png
gui\nvl.png
gui\skip.png
gui\textbox.png
gui\window_icon.png
gui\bar\bottom.png
gui\bar\left.png
gui\bar\right.png
gui\bar\top.png
gui\button\check_foreground.png
gui\button\check_selected_foreground.png
gui\button\choice_hover_background.png
gui\button\choice_idle_background.png
gui\button\hover_background.png
gui\button\idle_background.png
gui\button\quick_hover_background.png
gui\button\quick_idle_background.png
gui\button\radio_foreground.png
gui\button\radio_selected_foreground.png
gui\button\slot_hover_background.png
gui\button\slot_idle_background.png
gui\overlay\confirm.png
gui\overlay\game_menu.png
gui\overlay\main_menu.png
gui\phone\nvl.png
gui\phone\textbox.png
gui\phone\bar\bottom.png
gui\phone\bar\left.png
gui\phone\bar\right.png
gui\phone\bar\top.png
gui\phone\button\check_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\check_selected_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\choice_hover_background.png
gui\phone\button\choice_idle_background.png
gui\phone\button\hover_background.png
gui\phone\button\idle_background.png
gui\phone\button\radio_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\radio_selected_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\slot_hover_background.png
gui\phone\button\slot_idle_background.png
gui\phone\overlay\game_menu.png
gui\phone\overlay\main_menu.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_hover_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_idle_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui\slider\horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui\slider\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\slider\horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui\slider\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\slider\vertical_hover_bar.png
gui\slider\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\slider\vertical_idle_bar.png
gui\slider\vertical_idle_thumb.png
images\NOTAHERO.png
images\Untitled_Artwork 1.png
images\Untitled_Artwork 2.png
images\Untitled_Artwork 3.png
images\Untitled_Artwork 4.png
images\Untitled_Artwork 5.png
images\Untitled_Artwork 6.png
images\Untitled_Artwork 7.png
images\Untitled_Artwork.png
images\alleyway.jpg
images\blackscreen.png
images\gym_PLACEHOLDER.png
images\hospital_PLACEHOLDER.png
images\iputellisintoawhiteroomcuzhewasbeingabadboy.jpg
images\map.jpg
images\mapIcon.png
images\mapIcon2.png
images\nextDayButton.png
images\normingtonMap.png
images\plaza_PLACEHOLDER.png
images\potato.png
images\potato1.png
images\potato2.png
images\shifty.png
images\shiftyThumbnail.png
images\shiftyThumbnail2.png
images\shiftyThumbnail3.png
images\titlescreen.png
images\Alpha\alpha angry hand.png
images\Alpha\alpha angry quiet hand.png
images\Alpha\alpha angry quiet.png
images\Alpha\alpha angry.png
images\Alpha\alpha annoyed.png
images\Alpha\alpha exclaim.png
images\Alpha\alpha fierce exclaim hand.png
images\Alpha\alpha fierce exclaim.png
images\Alpha\alpha fierce hand.png
images\Alpha\alpha fierce.png
images\Alpha\alpha indignant.png
images\Alpha\alpha joyful exclaim.png
images\Alpha\alpha joyful.png
images\Alpha\alpha neutral.png
images\Alpha\alpha pleased.png
images\Alpha\alpha shy smile.png
images\Delta\Delta.Annoyed.png
images\Delta\Delta.Down.Close.png
images\Delta\Delta.Down.Default.png
images\Delta\Delta.Down.Sad.png
images\Delta\Delta.Down.Shame.png
images\Delta\Delta.Down.Thinking.png
images\Delta\Delta.Happy.png
images\Delta\Delta.Inquire.png
images\Delta\Delta.Serious.png
images\Delta\Delta.Tease.png
images\Delta\Delta.Wisdom.png
images\Delta\delta neutral.png
images\Desmond\Des.Chuckle.png
images\Desmond\Des.Drowse.png
images\Desmond\Des.Frown.png
images\Desmond\Des.Norm.png
images\Dummy\dummyAngry.png
images\Dummy\dummyHappy.png
images\Dummy\dummyNeutral.png
images\Dummy\dummySad.png
images\Ellis\Down1Neutral.png
images\Ellis\Norm.Default.png
images\Ellis\Norm.Hesitant.png
images\Ellis\Norm.Pensive.png
images\Ellis\Norm.Stunned.png
images\Ellis\Norm.Thinking.png
images\Ellis\Norm.Unsure.png
images\Ellis\Norm.Wince.png
images\Ellis\Scarf.Nervy.png
images\Ellis\Scraf.Concentrating.png
images\Ellis\Scraf.Neutral.png
images\Ellis\Scraf.Regrert.png
images\Ellis\Scraf.Spite.png
images\Ellis\Surprised.png
images\Ellis\Tilt.Cry.png
images\Ellis\Tilt.Cry2.png
images\Ellis\Tilt.Neutral.png
images\Ellis\Tilt.ask.png
images\Ellis\Untitled_Artwork.png
images\Ellis\Up.Assertive.png
images\Ellis\Up.Confident.png
images\Ellis\Up.Cringe.png
images\Ellis\Up.Cringe2.png
images\Ellis\Up.Neutral.png
images\Ellis\ellisNeutral.png
images\Ellis\ellisTerrified.png
images\Ellis\tilt.thinking.png
images\Josephine\josephine neutral.png
images\Josephine\josephine_distressed.png
images\Josephine\josephine_exclaim.png
images\Josephine\josephine_eyes_closed.png
images\Josephine\josephine_frown.png
images\Josephine\josephine_nervous.png
images\Josephine\josephine_sad_frown.png
images\Phi\phi neutral.png
images\Phi\phi_exclaim.png
images\Phi\phi_frowning_exclaim.png
images\Phi\phi_frowning_exclaim_hand.png
images\Phi\phi_frowning_exclaim_hand_2.png
images\Phi\phi_happy.png
images\Phi\phi_overjoyed.png
images\Phi\phi_overjoyed_hand.png
images\Phi\phi_sheepish.png
images\places\NAHH.png
images\places\NormingtonCityClinic.png
images\places\NormingtonCityCoffee.png
images\places\NormingtonCityCoffee_Inside.jpg
images\places\NormingtonCityElementary.png
images\places\NormingtonCityGym.png
images\places\NormingtonCityHills.png
images\places\NormingtonCityLibrary.png
images\places\NormingtonCityPark.png
images\places\NormingtonCityPlaza.png
images\places\apartment hall.png
images\places\classroom interior.png
images\places\dark shady alley.png
images\places\gym.png
images\places\hospital exterior.png
images\places\hospital room.png
images\places\hospital.png
images\places\hq interior.png
images\places\library interior.png
images\places\park.png
images\places\plaza.png
images\places\school exterior.png
images\places\school interior.png
saves\1-1-LT1.save
saves\1-2-LT1.save
saves\1-3-LT1.save
saves\_reload-2-LT1.save
saves\auto-1-LT1.save
saves\auto-10-LT1.save
saves\auto-2-LT1.save
saves\auto-3-LT1.save
saves\auto-4-LT1.save
saves\auto-5-LT1.save
saves\auto-6-LT1.save
saves\auto-7-LT1.save
saves\auto-8-LT1.save
saves\auto-9-LT1.save
saves\navigation.json
saves\persistent
saves\quick-1-LT1.save
scripts\AP.rpy
scripts\AP.rpyc
scripts\Ending.rpy
scripts\Ending.rpyc
scripts\Pursenapper.rpy
scripts\Pursenapper.rpyc
scripts\dayOne.rpy
scripts\dayOne.rpyc
scripts\daySeven.rpy
scripts\daySeven.rpyc
scripts\dayZero.rpy
scripts\dayZero.rpyc
scripts\definitions.rpy
scripts\definitions.rpyc
scripts\mapScreenEveryday.rpy
scripts\mapScreenEveryday.rpyc
scripts\relaxation.rpy
scripts\relaxation.rpyc
scripts\shiftyShop.rpy
scripts\shiftyShop.rpyc
scripts\tutorialDay.rpy
scripts\tutorialDay.rpyc
scripts\comissions\PSA.rpy
scripts\comissions\PSA.rpyc
scripts\comissions\clinicDelivery.rpy
scripts\comissions\clinicDelivery.rpyc
scripts\comissions\graffi-no.rpy
scripts\comissions\graffi-no.rpyc
scripts\comissions\helpGranny.rpy
scripts\comissions\helpGranny.rpyc
scripts\comissions\helpKids.rpy
scripts\comissions\helpKids.rpyc
scripts\comissions\teamDelivery.rpy
scripts\comissions\teamDelivery.rpyc
scripts\comissions\volunteeringLibrary.rpyc
scripts\placesMenu\NormingtonCoffee.rpy
scripts\placesMenu\NormingtonCoffee.rpyc
scripts\placesMenu\association.rpy
scripts\placesMenu\association.rpyc
scripts\placesMenu\clinic.rpy
scripts\placesMenu\clinic.rpyc
scripts\placesMenu\downtown.rpy
scripts\placesMenu\downtown.rpyc
scripts\placesMenu\elementary.rpy
scripts\placesMenu\elementary.rpyc
scripts\placesMenu\gym.rpy
scripts\placesMenu\gym.rpyc
scripts\placesMenu\hills.rpy
scripts\placesMenu\hills.rpyc
scripts\placesMenu\library.rpy
scripts\placesMenu\library.rpyc
scripts\placesMenu\park.rpy
scripts\placesMenu\park.rpyc
scripts\placesMenu\plaza.rpy
scripts\placesMenu\plaza.rpyc
scripts\socialEvents\coffeewithfriends.rpy
scripts\socialEvents\coffeewithfriends.rpyc
scripts\socialEvents\fundraising.rpy
scripts\socialEvents\fundraising.rpyc
scripts\socialEvents\interactions.rpy
scripts\socialEvents\interactions.rpyc
scripts\socialEvents\mediation.rpy
scripts\socialEvents\mediation.rpyc
scripts\socialEvents\socialize.rpyc
scripts\socialEvents\volunteerClinic.rpy
scripts\socialEvents\volunteerClinic.rpyc
scripts\socialEvents\volunteerLibrary.rpy
scripts\socialEvents\volunteerLibrary.rpyc
scripts\socialEvents\volunteerSenior.rpy
scripts\socialEvents\volunteerSenior.rpyc
scripts\socialEvents\volunteerShelter.rpy
scripts\socialEvents\volunteerShelter.rpyc
scripts\storyQuests\apology.rpy
scripts\storyQuests\apology.rpyc
scripts\storyQuests\bullies.rpy
scripts\storyQuests\bullies.rpyc
scripts\storyQuests\deliveryRun.rpy
scripts\storyQuests\deliveryRun.rpyc
scripts\storyQuests\firstAidLesson.rpy
scripts\storyQuests\firstAidLesson.rpyc
scripts\storyQuests\josephinesHangout.rpy
scripts\storyQuests\josephinesHangout.rpyc
scripts\storyQuests\josephinesSecond.rpy
scripts\storyQuests\josephinesSecond.rpyc
scripts\storyQuests\meetTheTeam.rpy
scripts\storyQuests\meetTheTeam.rpyc
scripts\storyQuests\pettyThievery.rpy
scripts\storyQuests\pettyThievery.rpyc
scripts\storyQuests\talkThingsOut.rpy
scripts\storyQuests\talkThingsOut.rpyc
scripts\storyQuests\theAccident.rpy
scripts\storyQuests\theAccident.rpyc
tl\None\common.rpym
tl\None\common.rpymc
